replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-ci/github-repository-rulesets-semgrep.md

## Limitations

> Workflows required by repository rulesets are only triggered by `pull_request` or `merge_group` events. When triggered for a pull request, Semgrep runs a [diff-aware scan](/docs/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-appsec-platform/#diff-aware-scanning), which only scans changed files. 

Author: ```suggestion
Workflows required by repository rulesets are only triggered by `pull_request` or `merge_group` events. When triggered for a pull request, Semgrep runs a [diff-aware scan](/deployment/customize-ci-jobs#set-up-diff-aware-scans), which only scans changed files. 
```
